# VanHack Code Assignment

## Question A
Your goal for this question is to write a program that accepts two lines (x1,x2) and (x3,x4) on the x-axis and returns whether they overlap. As an example, (1,5) and (2,6) overlaps but not (1,5) and (6,8).

### Solution
To check if two lines overlaping, I compare both ends of the lines, and if one end greater than other, so 
they overlap, otherwise no overlap.

```
cd questions_A_B
python main.py overlap
```
## Question A
The goal of this question is to write a software library that accepts 2 version string as input and returns whether one is greater than, equal, or less than the other. As an example: “1.2” is greater than “1.1”. Please provide all test cases you could think of.

### Solution
Here i just parse the data into correct format and compare it, i hope i understood this task correctly. 

```
cd questions_A_B
python main.py version_compare
```

## Question C
Create an api that takes a string as input and returns a list of text insights from the top 5 google results of the query generated by those keywords. 

Test with the following string « keystone - Circular reference found role inference » . You will need to build a query , search the web (you can scrape google) , select the top 5 results and for each result scrape for the most relevant information on that page (relevant from a user’s perspective based on the original string ) . The response should contain the links to the websites that were scraped with the most relevant information (could be a text insight ,  a code snippet, a patch file, etc.) for each. In the response, feel free to add any other extra information that you think could be relevant.

### Solution
I've used BeautifulSoup to get the links and parse google search results. Also using same way i've parsed the content of 5 links and extracted sentences, where keywords were matched. As API I use Flask library. 


### Start Flask API
```
cd questions_C
python main.py
```

### Routes:
1. /api/ping (check if server alive)
2. /api/search (query route)

### Example:
http://127.0.0.1:5000/api/search?q=Linkin+Park


